Create CONTRIBUTING.md (#305)
opendialogai/opendialog: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Open Dialog Contributing Agreement

## Welcome

> Thanks a lot for considering to contribute to OpenDialog we're excited to have you join our ever-growing community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks a lot for considering to contribute to OpenDialog. We are excited to have you join our ever-growing community.
```
